then King Darius issued a decree and a
then King Darius issued a decree and a search was made in the archives where
search was made in the archives where
search was made in the archives where the treasures were stored in babbling
the treasures were stored in babbling
the treasures were stored in babbling and at Acme fur in the palace that is in
and at Acme fur in the palace that is in
and at Acme fur in the palace that is in the province of media a scroll was found
the province of media a scroll was found
the province of media a scroll was found and in it a record was written thus in
and in it a record was written thus in
and in it a record was written thus in the first year of King Cyrus King Cyrus
the first year of King Cyrus King Cyrus
the first year of King Cyrus King Cyrus issued a decree concerning the house of
issued a decree concerning the house of
issued a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem let the house be
God at Jerusalem let the house be
God at Jerusalem let the house be rebuilt
rebuilt
rebuilt the place where they offered sacrifices
the place where they offered sacrifices
the place where they offered sacrifices and let the foundations of it be firmly
and let the foundations of it be firmly
and let the foundations of it be firmly laid its height 60 cubits and its width
laid its height 60 cubits and its width
laid its height 60 cubits and its width 60 cubits with three rows of heavy
60 cubits with three rows of heavy
60 cubits with three rows of heavy stones and one row of new timber let the
stones and one row of new timber let the
stones and one row of new timber let the expenses be paid from the Kings Treasury
expenses be paid from the Kings Treasury
expenses be paid from the Kings Treasury also let the gold and silver articles of
also let the gold and silver articles of
also let the gold and silver articles of the house of God which Nebuchadnezzar
the house of God which Nebuchadnezzar
the house of God which Nebuchadnezzar took from the temple which is in
took from the temple which is in
took from the temple which is in Jerusalem and brought to babylon be
Jerusalem and brought to babylon be
Jerusalem and brought to babylon be restored and taken back to the temple
restored and taken back to the temple
restored and taken back to the temple which is in jerusalem each to its place
which is in jerusalem each to its place
which is in jerusalem each to its place and deposit them in the house of god
now therefore Tatton a governor of the
now therefore Tatton a governor of the region beyond the river and sheath
region beyond the river and sheath
region beyond the river and sheath Arbaaz nigh and your companions the
Arbaaz nigh and your companions the
Arbaaz nigh and your companions the persians who are beyond the river keep
persians who are beyond the river keep
persians who are beyond the river keep yourselves far from there let the work
yourselves far from there let the work
yourselves far from there let the work of this house of God alone let the
of this house of God alone let the
of this house of God alone let the governor of the Jews and the elders of
governor of the Jews and the elders of
governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house of God on its
the Jews build this house of God on its
the Jews build this house of God on its site moreover I issue a decree as to
site moreover I issue a decree as to
site moreover I issue a decree as to what you shall do for the elders of
what you shall do for the elders of
what you shall do for the elders of these Jews for the building of this
these Jews for the building of this
these Jews for the building of this house of God let the cost be paid at the
house of God let the cost be paid at the
house of God let the cost be paid at the Kings expense from taxes on the region
Kings expense from taxes on the region
Kings expense from taxes on the region beyond the river this is to be given
beyond the river this is to be given
beyond the river this is to be given immediately to these men so that they
immediately to these men so that they
immediately to these men so that they are not hindered and whatever they need
are not hindered and whatever they need
are not hindered and whatever they need young bulls Rams and lambs for the burnt
young bulls Rams and lambs for the burnt
young bulls Rams and lambs for the burnt offerings of the God of heaven wheat
offerings of the God of heaven wheat
offerings of the God of heaven wheat salt wine and oil according to the
salt wine and oil according to the
salt wine and oil according to the request of the priests who are in
request of the priests who are in
request of the priests who are in Jerusalem let it be given them day by
Jerusalem let it be given them day by
Jerusalem let it be given them day by day without fail that they may offer
day without fail that they may offer
day without fail that they may offer sacrifices of sweet aroma to the God of
sacrifices of sweet aroma to the God of
sacrifices of sweet aroma to the God of heaven and pray for the life of the king
heaven and pray for the life of the king
heaven and pray for the life of the king and his sons also I issue a decree that
and his sons also I issue a decree that
and his sons also I issue a decree that whoever alters this edict let a timber
whoever alters this edict let a timber
whoever alters this edict let a timber be pulled from his house and erected and
be pulled from his house and erected and
be pulled from his house and erected and let him be hanged on it and let his
let him be hanged on it and let his
let him be hanged on it and let his house be made a refuse heap because of
house be made a refuse heap because of
house be made a refuse heap because of this and may the God who causes his name
this and may the God who causes his name
this and may the God who causes his name to dwell there destroy any king or
to dwell there destroy any king or
to dwell there destroy any king or people who put their hand to alter it or
people who put their hand to alter it or
people who put their hand to alter it or to destroy this house of God which is in
to destroy this house of God which is in
to destroy this house of God which is in Jerusalem IDE Darius issue a decree let
Jerusalem IDE Darius issue a decree let
Jerusalem IDE Darius issue a decree let it be done
it be done
it be done diligently
diligently
diligently [Music]
[Music]
[Music] then Tata and I governor of the region
then Tata and I governor of the region
then Tata and I governor of the region beyond the river sheath abuzz nigh and
beyond the river sheath abuzz nigh and
beyond the river sheath abuzz nigh and their companions diligently did
their companions diligently did
their companions diligently did according to what King Darius had sent
according to what King Darius had sent
according to what King Darius had sent so the elders of the Jews built and they
so the elders of the Jews built and they
so the elders of the Jews built and they prospered through the prophesying of
prospered through the prophesying of
prospered through the prophesying of haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son
haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son
haggai the prophet and Zechariah the son of a doe and they built and finished it
of a doe and they built and finished it
of a doe and they built and finished it according to the commandment of the God
according to the commandment of the God
according to the commandment of the God of Israel and according to the command
of Israel and according to the command
of Israel and according to the command of Cyrus Darius and artaxerxes king of
of Cyrus Darius and artaxerxes king of
of Cyrus Darius and artaxerxes king of Persia now the temple was finished on a
Persia now the temple was finished on a
Persia now the temple was finished on a third day of the month of Adar which was
third day of the month of Adar which was
third day of the month of Adar which was in the sixth year of the reign of King
in the sixth year of the reign of King
in the sixth year of the reign of King Darius then the children of Israel the
Darius then the children of Israel the
Darius then the children of Israel the priests and the Levites and the rest of
priests and the Levites and the rest of
priests and the Levites and the rest of the descendents of the captivity
the descendents of the captivity
the descendents of the captivity celebrated the dedication of this house
celebrated the dedication of this house
celebrated the dedication of this house of God with joy and they offered
of God with joy and they offered
of God with joy and they offered sacrifices at the dedication of this
sacrifices at the dedication of this
sacrifices at the dedication of this house of God one hundred Bulls two
house of God one hundred Bulls two
house of God one hundred Bulls two hundred Rams four hundred lambs and as a
hundred Rams four hundred lambs and as a
hundred Rams four hundred lambs and as a sin offering for all Israel twelve male
sin offering for all Israel twelve male
sin offering for all Israel twelve male goats according to the number of the
goats according to the number of the
goats according to the number of the tribes of Israel they assigned the
tribes of Israel they assigned the
tribes of Israel they assigned the priests to their divisions and the
priests to their divisions and the
priests to their divisions and the Levites to their divisions over the
Levites to their divisions over the
Levites to their divisions over the service of God in Jerusalem as it is
service of God in Jerusalem as it is
service of God in Jerusalem as it is written in the Book of Moses and the
written in the Book of Moses and the
written in the Book of Moses and the descendants of the captivity kept the
descendants of the captivity kept the
descendants of the captivity kept the Passover on the fourteenth day of the
Passover on the fourteenth day of the
Passover on the fourteenth day of the first month for the priests and the
first month for the priests and the
first month for the priests and the Levites had purified themselves all of
Levites had purified themselves all of
Levites had purified themselves all of them were ritually clean and they
them were ritually clean and they
them were ritually clean and they slaughtered the Passover lambs for all
slaughtered the Passover lambs for all
slaughtered the Passover lambs for all the descendants of the captivity for
the descendants of the captivity for
the descendants of the captivity for their brethren the priests and for
their brethren the priests and for
their brethren the priests and for themselves then the children of Israel
themselves then the children of Israel
themselves then the children of Israel who had returned from the captivity ate
who had returned from the captivity ate
who had returned from the captivity ate together with all who had separated
together with all who had separated
together with all who had separated themselves from the filth of the nations
themselves from the filth of the nations
themselves from the filth of the nations of the land in order to seek the Lord
of the land in order to seek the Lord
of the land in order to seek the Lord God of Israel and they kept the feast of
God of Israel and they kept the feast of
God of Israel and they kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days with joy for
unleavened bread seven days with joy for
unleavened bread seven days with joy for the Lord made them joyful and turned the
the Lord made them joyful and turned the
the Lord made them joyful and turned the heart of the king of Assyria toward them
heart of the king of Assyria toward them
heart of the king of Assyria toward them to strengthen their hands in the work of
to strengthen their hands in the work of
to strengthen their hands in the work of the house of God the God of Israel
the house of God the God of Israel
the house of God the God of Israel you
you
you [Music]